fix(replay): Update manual starting & flushing docs for replay (#8140)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/session-replay/understanding-sessions.mdx

```

In `session` mode, this will upload any pending recording data to Sentry. In `buffer` mode, this will upload any pending recording data to Sentry and then continue recording, the same as when an error is sampled with `replaysOnErrorSampleRate`.

> Note that it is safe to call `flush()` any time, even if Session Replay is stopped. In that case, it will simply do nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that it's safe to call `flush()` at any time, even if Session Replay is stopped, in which case, it will do nothing.
```
